BJData optimized binary array type (#4513)
nlohmann/json: docs/mkdocs/docs/api/basic_json/to_bjdata.md

`use_type` (in)
:   whether to add type annotations to container types (must be combined with `#!cpp use_size = true`); optional,

`version` (in)

> :   which version of BJData to use (see [draft 3](../../features/binary_formats/bjdata.md#draft-3-binary-format)); optional,

Reviewer: This new parameter should have gone after the next line, which is the default value for `use_type`.

Reviewer 2: Fixed in https://github.com/nlohmann/json/pull/4588

## Version history

- Added in version 3.11.0.

> - BJData version parameter (for draft3 binary encoding) added in version 3.12.0.

Author: ```suggestion
- BJData version parameter (for draft3 binary encoding) added in version 3.11.4.
```

Reviewer 2: No, the next version number ist not yet clear. Could also be 3.12.0.
